---
layout: post
author: Marilyn Thompson
cover: "/media/pid-vs-pid-header.jpg"
title: P-iD vs π-eD
date: 2018-10-17 00:00:00 +0000
tagline: Rachel Cheung and Piedad Albarracin Seiquer
start: 2018-10-21 10:00:00 +0000
end: 2018-11-04 19:00:00 +0000
archive: 2018-11-05 04:01:00 +0000
ongoing: true
location: london

---
<p>Enter a physical learning environment to follow instructed lessons by an ‘Ai’ character on
three screened monitors and ‘Pi’, a live human instructor. These two authoritative roles - irl
human and digital copy - both call for attention, stacking up an array of instructed activity.
This cognitive pattern play is reflected in graphic scores that map movement throughout the
green-glowing space.</p>

<p><i>P-iD vs π-eD</i> is a collaboration between Rachel Cheung and Piedad Albarracin Seiquer,
which probes human cognitive and agility functions in a world of online self-learning cultures.</p>

<br />

<p>Opening at Peak on <b>Sunday 21 October</b> with a participatory performance. Drinks will be served from
19:30 onwards, when the exhibition can be viewed as an installation.</p>

<p>Open <b>Tuesday 23 October 2018 - Sunday 04 October 2018</b><br />

Week 1: <b>10:00 - 19:00</b><br />

Week 2: <b>10:00 - 15:00</b> or by appointment <br />

(Closed Mondays)<br /></p>

<p>The installation is conceived to be used in a movement class, where you are guided through
the cognitive pattern grids. No previous experience is required. You can join this
participatory performance on either</p>

<p><b>Sunday 21 October</b> 18:00 - 18:30<br />
<b>Sunday 21 October</b> 19:00 - 19:30<br />
<b>Friday 26 October</b> 16:00 - 16:30<br /></p>

<p>Participating is free, but due to limited space booking is essential.<br /><a style="color: #EC655E; text-decoration: none;" href="https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/p-id-vs-ed-tickets-51360638051">Grab your spot here!</a></p>

<p>The series is accompanied by a publication, which will be available as a free take-home and
can also be viewed and downloaded <a style="color: #EC655E; text-decoration: none" href="https://lucycowling.info/media/Publication-on_algorithms_and_other_lifeforms.pdf">here</a>. It is designed to be read in 'two page view'.</p>

<br />

<p>This event is the concluding part of life/forms, a series of events consisting of:</p>

<p>life/forms 1.0 | To want to be what you are at Chisenhale Studios / 05.08.18 / the live teaser
for a masterclass in mimicry and seduction, led by Anna Frijstein.</p>

<p>life/forms 2.0 | Königin der Nacht at Kunstraum / 02.09.18 / a sonic and organic/machinic
installation by Johannes Büttner and Bastian Hagedorn.</p>

<p>life/forms 3.0 | Wild Combination at Flat Time House / 16.09.18 / a guided tour on how to be
wild, time travel and other peculiar classifications of living beings, led by Lou Lou Sainsbury.</p>

[How to find us](/contact/)