---
layout: post
author: Marilyn Thompson
cover: "/media/trees-header.png"
title: Trees
date: 2019-01-05 00:00:00 +0000
tagline: Jeremy Glogan
start: 2019-01-17 10:00:00 +0000
end: 2019-02-16 19:00:00 +0000
archive: 2019-02-17 04:01:00 +0000
ongoing: true

---
<p><h1>Trees</h1>
<h3>by</h3>
<h2>Jeremy Glogan</h2></p>

<p>Painted in acrylic on formaldehyde-free Medite Ecologique MDF the paintings are interpretations of particular trees. The series continues a theme which harks back to at least 1985 when Jeremy Glogan first painted a broken tree at the bottom of a field in Hastings. The tree looked to him as if it was screaming.</p>
								
<p>"Whenever I look at trees I see faces, faces in their bark, faces in their branches and leaves. This is known as pareidolia which is the perception of a familiar pattern where none actually exists."</p>

<p>The paintings will be exhibited at Peak - previously a beauty salon - on the ground floor of the Elephant and Castle shopping centre. The centre was originally opened in 1965 and is the oldest covered mall in Europe. It served its community of predominantly social housing for 54 years but is soon to be finally demolished as the new residential towers begin to crowd it out. Unlike pareidolia a familiar pattern can be perceived here that does exist – that of privately driven profit-first urban redevelopment. The trees will create a bucolic counterpoint to this contemporary urban scenario.</p>

<p>Jeremy Glogan was born in Hendon in 1967. Brought up in Hastings he studied fine art at Camberwell School of Art and Crafts. He lives in East Dulwich and works in Catford. Previous exhibitions include <i>The Church Painting Show</i> Blackwing Studios (London 2018), <i>Death Lolz Presents…</i> Peak (London 2018), <i>Problem</i> London (London 2016), <i>Let's Destroy the Earth but Keep Humans</i> Galerie Gregor Staiger (Zurich 2014), <i>Passive Acceptance of Increasing Oppression</i> Limazulu (London 2014), <i>selfie</i> Ohio (Glasgow 2014), <i>They May Now Know Everything But We Will Win</i> Oechsner Galerie (Nuremberg 2013), <i>The Paintings I Did Before The Exhibition</i>  Galerie Bleich-Rossi (Vienna 2008) and <i>If Everybody Had an Ocean</i> Tate St Ives (St Ives 2007).</p>

<p><a href="http://www.jeremyglogan.com" style="color: #EC655E; text-decoration: none;">jeremyglogan.com</a></p>

<br /><br />

<p>Trees will be at Peak 17th January to 16th February 2019 </p>
<p>Opening on <b>Thursday 17th January</b> | 19:00 -- 23:00</p>

<p><b>Tuesday - Friday </b>10:00 -- 15:00<br />
<b>Saturday </b>11:00 -- 18:00 <br />


[How to find us](/contact/)